Dashboard release-v12.0.0 (#1090)
nasa/cumulus-dashboard: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [v12.0.0] - 2023-01-23

## Breaking Changes

> This version of the dashboard requires Cumulus API >= v13.5.0 (TBD)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version of the dashboard requires Cumulus API >= v14.0.0
```
